Add backlog of changelogs from QMK Firmware (#48)
qmk/qmk.fm_old: _posts/2019-03-13-add-support-for-the60.md

---
layout: qmk-title
title: "Add support for THE60"
date: 2019-03-13 00:00:00 -0500
category: keyboards
commit: f9c5b80
pr: 5385
---

We've added support for the Lazy Designer's [THE60](http://lazydesigners.cn) keyboard! 

> Check out this keyboard on the [QMK Configurator](https://config.qmk.fm/#/hotdox/LAYOUT_ergodox).

Reviewer: Link address is wrong.

```suggestion
Check out this keyboard on the [QMK Configurator](https://config.qmk.fm/#/lazydesigners/the60/LAYOUT_split_spc_split_bspc).
```
